VictoriaTraces: Add documentation (#9246)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriatraces/keyConcepts.md

  "scope_name": "@opentelemetry/instrumentation-net",
  "scope_version": "0.43.1",
  "span_attr:net.transport": "ip_tcp",
  "duration": "16828584",
  "end_time_unix_nano": "1750044408796828584",
  "parent_span_id": "3ea61f2d2a5a003d",
  "span_attr:net.host.ip": "172.18.0.14",
  "span_attr:net.host.port": "50722",
  "span_attr:net.peer.ip": "169.254.169.254",
  "span_attr:net.peer.name": "169.254.169.254",
  "span_attr:net.peer.port": "80",
  "span_id": "2a1f3c4bda1d0e43",
  "start_time_unix_nano": "1750044408780000000",
  "status_code": "0",
  "trace_id": "769d28c4b8633dc9de2cc421d1a1616f"
}
```

### Special mappings

There are some special mappings when transforming a trace span into VictoriaTraces data model:
1. In order to preserve trace span attribute whose value is empty, the value will be re-written as `-`.
2. For different attributes (resource attributes, scope attributes, span attributes), a corresponding prefix (such as `span_attr:` and `resource_attr:`) will be added. 
3. For some attributes within a list (event list, link list in span), a corresponding prefix and index (such as `event:0:` and `event:0:event_attr:`) will be added.

> 4. The `duration` field is not exist in the OTLP request, but for query efficiency, it's calculated during ingestion and stored as a separated field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The `duration` field does not exist in the OTLP request, but for query efficiency, it's calculated during ingestion and stored as a separated field.
```

> VictoriaTraces automatically indexes all the fields in all the [ingested](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriatraces/data-ingestion/) trace spans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VictoriaTraces automatically indexes all the fields for ingested trace spans.
```

This enables [full-text search](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/) across all the fields.

> VictoriaTraces store data in different fields. There are some special fields additionally to arbitrary [other fields](#other-fields):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VictoriaTraces stores data in different fields. There are some special fields in addition to [arbitrary fields](#other-fields):
```
